# Chapter Charter

## Name

The name of this chapter shall be **Mu Chapter** of Eta Kappa Nu (HKN); hereafter referred to as the Chapter.
On campus, the Chapter may be referred to as Mu Chapter of Eta Kappa Nu; Mu Chapter, Eta Kappa Nu; HKN; Eta Kappa Nu, Mu Chapter; or Eta Kappa Nu.

## Location

This chapter shall be located at the Berkeley campus of the University of California.

## Founding Date

Mu Chapter was founded on December 18th, 1915.

## Mission Statement

Eta Kappa Nu is the honor society comprised of Electrical Engineers and Computer Scientists.
The mission of the Chapter is to recognize outstanding students, faculty, and professionals in IEEE technical fields of interest with a particular focus on the traditional fields of electrical engineering, computer engineering, and computer science.
IEEE-HKN chapters promote excellence in the profession and in education through an emphasis on scholarship, character, and attitude.
Chapters further strive to foster community and cooperation among its active members and the host department(s) as well as other local honor societies and the local IEEE student branch.
The Chapter also encourages members to engage with the local community through service and outreach programs.

## Purpose

The organization’s purpose are as follows:

1. To uphold the purposes and ideals of the Eta Kappa Nu Association as set forth in the Association’s Constitution and By-Laws.
2. To promote and encourage excellence in electrical engineering and computer science education for the betterment of fellow students, the EECS department, the College of Engineering and the public at large.
3. To promote and encourage among the students of the University of California, Berkeley, a desire for higher scholastic standing and greater knowledge in the studies prescribed in the electrical engineering and computer science curriculum.
4. To foster a spirit of respect and cooperation with the faculty of the University of California, Berkeley.
5. To foster relations with the local community through service and outreach.
6. To cooperate with the other organizations on campus.

## Symbols and Logos of the Chapter

The Chapter shall use the official symbols of IEEE-Eta Kappa Nu Chapter including the emblem, shield, and colors as detailed in the IEEE-Eta Kappa Nu Operations Manual.
