# Membership

Individuals are eligible for consideration for membership in the Mu chapter of Eta Kappa Nu if they are of unimpeachable character, have the ability to make use of the knowledge and information acquired, have the capacity and willingness for hard work, and have a genial nature and ability to work in harmony with all types of people – and meet the academic qualifications for membership as specified below.
Only currently registered students, faculty, and staff may be active members in a registered student organization.
Only active members may vote or hold office.

## Juniors

Any enrolled student who has junior standing for the bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering or computer science, and has a cumulative ranking in the upper quarter of their class as determined by the College of Engineering.

## Seniors

Any enrolled student who has senior standing for the bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering or computer science, and has a cumulative ranking in the upper third of their class as determined by the College of Engineering.

## Graduate Students

Any student currently enrolled in a program of study leading to a masters or doctoral degree in EECS and has completed one full academic term at the University of California, Berkeley.

## Faculty

All faculty members shall be eligible for membership by virtue of their faculty position.

## Professional Member

Any electrical or computer engineer who has done significant meritorious work in the electrical engineering or computer science profession or allied pursuits.
Professional members may not vote or hold office.

## Additional Approval

who are graduate students, faculty members, or professionals must have the written approval and endorsement of the chapter faculty advisor and the head of the EECS department.

## Miscellaneous

We will not haze according to California State Law.
We will not restrict membership based upon race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, pregnancy (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth), physical or mental disability, medical condition (cancer related or genetic characteristics), ancestry, marital status, age, sexual orientation, citizenship, or service in the uniformed services (including membership, application for membership, performance of service, application for service, or obligation for service in the uniformed services.
